Designated camera
I'm very sorry.
I didn't expect to see the real Tommas in this lecture.
Well......
Do you know why I came to this class.?
Hello,I'm Nagano Ren.
I will teach you basic information.
The Princess World is stupid.
Fucking stupid.
It hurts your pull.
It hurts my legs.
See? Those diseases are ridiculous.
Isn't it?
If someone just variety and
even covered graphite,
She works for him for no other reason.
I would do the same.
We are all women,
If they'll treat theirędôkos이를,
what will they do?
Send him to the earthquake disaster relief center in onde-gold in the tenma.
That's mean!
Send him to the earthquake disaster relief center in onde-gold in onde-gold in the tenma.
They'll go to that North East Japan for theirędôkosizard treatment.
And not,
they can'tporte it to an Ohinkling in the Okura River in their笠NODA.
such and not,
Naked woman you've bешьamed,
Don't give them such a beating.
I'll tell the doctor.
I'll tell him that the medicine is very good.
What's your name?
My name is Akakabe Shuwan.
Your doctor is interesting.
I'll go to your house.
Everyone is afraid of me.
But I'll tell the doctor.
If you enter a person's house, you'll be in trouble.
It's not good manners.
Why do you take off your cape?
Why do you come to the house,
and leave your cape on?
Why are you rude to me?
Why are you so rude to me?
Don't be stupid.
You don't have to take off your cape.
I'll go to the doctor.
I'll take off my cape.
I'll take off my cape and put a button on it.
I'll take off my cape and put my hand on it.
Don't be stupid.
There is a yukata there.
It's very good.
I'll go to the doctor.
I'll take off my cape and put a button on it.
Look at this.
Your gait is different.
What?
It's okay.
Your gait is different.
It's my gait.
What's wrong with my gait?
I'm not a doctor.
It's strange.
Can you close your face?
I'll close it.
You're stupid.
You're a fool.
I'll go to the doctor.
I'll take off my cape.
I'll take off my cape and put a button on it.
I'm a fool.